Immediately give me all the power of the Chengdu government
Go to the rescue of fellow adults
Yes, you must be calling your accomplice
City Lord's Guard
Grab him for me stop
Liang Kun, I don't want to fight in the City Lord's Mansion today
You'd better calm down.
Don't be fooled by this green tea, shut up
Luo Yingxue, how dare you insult Luo Xuemei?
I see you don't want to live anymore
Liang Kun
I look at Liang Yunsong's face
I'll give you one last chance.
Call my dad by his first name
You Mr. Liang
Don't worry.
Sister, I advise you to explain obediently
Where are your accomplices?
If you turn yourself in with me like this, you can save your life
Otherwise, the gods can't save you
Lu Xunbei
I used to treat you like my own sister
I didn't expect you to give me everything I want
And sent someone to kill me
How can I trust you?
Luo Yingxue, you dare to slander your sister again
I'll break your legs
And send you to jail?
Is that your attitude?
Who is your biological daughter?
Shut up, how dare you question your father like that
Somebody cut out his tongue for me
Hmph, of course I have to come to dig my tongue.
I'm not leaving